# Intro

Holds the useful packages found via the this repo. The reason I put a package here is simply because it might benefit my own work or my life. 


# General Purpose Packages 

- multitasking: Non-blocking Python methods using decorators 

- signal: allow graceful shutdown when signal.SIGINT/signal.SIGTERM/etc received
```
signal.signal(signal.SIGINT, close_connection) 
```
- smart-open: a Python 3 library for efficient streaming of very large files from/to storages such as S3, GCS, Azure Blob Storage, HDFS, WebHDFS, HTTP, HTTPS, SFTP, or local filesystem. 

- termcolor2: a package for colorful logging and printing on terminal


# Scrapper

- linkedin-scraper: Scrapes Linkedin User Data

- scholarly: a module that allows you to retrieve author and publication information from Google Scholar in a friendly, Pythonic way. 

# Machine Learning Packages of Different Paradigms 

- vectorhub: There are many ways to extract vectors from data. This library aims to bring in all the state of the art models in a simple manner to vectorise your data easily.

- gradio: easily build AI UI interface for demo purpose

- Forte: extensible framework for building composable and modularized NLP workflows

- transformers: State-of-the-art Machine Learning for JAX, PyTorch and TensorFlow

- fastai: fastai is a deep learning library which provides practitioners with high-level components that can quickly and easily provide state-of-the-art results in standard deep learning domains, and provides researchers with low-level components that can be mixed and matched to build new approaches. 

- darts: a Python library for easy manipulation and forecasting of time series. It contains a variety of models. 
	
- pyro-ppl: Pyro is a flexible, scalable deep probabilistic programming library built on PyTorch.

- pyoats: Quick and Easy Outlier Detection for Time Series

- pytorch-lightning: lightweight PyTorch wrapper for ML researchers. Scale your models. Write less boilerplate.

- metats: Meta-Learning for Global Time Series Forecasting

- orbit-ml: a package for bayesian time series modeling and inference.

- opacus: a library that enables training PyTorch models with differential privacy.

- alphamed-federated/alphafed: AlphaMed 是一个基于区块链技术的去中心化联邦学习解决方案，旨在使医疗机构能够在保证其医疗数据隐私和安全的同时，实现多机构联合建模。

- colearn: enables privacy-preserving decentralized machine learning tasks

- bitfount: Federated learning and data analytics that just works

- potato-distillery: A package that distills large ML models.


# ML-based General-purpose Toolkit:

- keywords-en: 英文关键词抽取 

- keytotext: take keywords as inputs and generate sentences as outputs.

- summarext: keyword extraction of the semantically similar words from websites and their meta data

- soam: Tools for time series analysis, plotting and reporting.

- artificial-detection: Python framework for artificial text detection: NLP approaches to compare natural text against generated by neural networks.


# ML-based Specific-domain Toolkit

## Medical 

- medkit-learn: Medical sequential decision making simulation tools.

- deepchem: DeepChem aims to provide a high quality open-source toolchain that democratizes the use of deep-learning in drug discovery, materials science, quantum chemistry, and biology.


## Finance

- beibo: Beibo, predict the stock market
- the-oracle: The Oracle, predict the stock market
- sua: Stochastic Unified Assistant (a.k.a SUA) is originally made for automatic prediction and analysis of the selected portfolio.
- tars: A crypto trading bot for research and developers

## Scientific 


- Auto-Research: A NO-CODE UTILITY TO GENERATE A DETAILED WELL-CITED SURVEY WITH TOPIC CLUSTERED SECTIONS AND OTHER INTERESTING ARTIFACTS FROM A SINGLE RESEARCH QUERY.

- stripnet: Semantic Similarity of Scientific Papers (S3P) Network.
